Mr. Gu
Run away after you sleep
Pardon me?
You are so irresponsible.
Mr. Gu, I already have children
Please take care of yourself.
The person I want to respect myself should be you, right?
I drank too much
But you are awake
Why did you pick up my button?
Mr. Gu, my child is 5 years old
I often bathe him
I see no difference between his body and yours
Open your eyes and see clearly
Is this the body of a 5-year-old child?
Does a 5-year-old child have these abs?
This 8
That man was him that night
Mr. Gu, I'm late
Secretary Lin, let me send Mr. Gu back
Hey, Mr. Gu, are your lips very dry?
I have lip balm
Drive your car well
Why is the shirt wet?
I'll take it off for you.
It's okay, do it yourself